docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/search-field.md

    debounce(search(e.detail.value), 1500) // debounce search() for 1.5 seconds
});
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> `ef-search-field` is assigned `role="textbox"`. States such as `disabled` or `read-only` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state. Dynamic updates such as a validation message are communicated to screen readers through a live region. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef-search-field` is assigned `role="textbox"`. States such as `disabled` or `readonly` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state. Dynamic updates such as a validation message are communicated to screen readers through a live region. 
```

Reviewer: I think it is also worth mentioning that when `icon-has-action` the magnifier icon is focusable.

Author: Don't feel that developers need to know it, do they?
